[Applause]
[Music]
all right welcome back to the PPC
Mastery podcast and another solo episode
with miles today I have a question from
Thomas Excel and he asked why do you
prefer optimizing more for Ecom accounts
than Legion accounts and what's your
favorite Ecom Target metric to optimize
towards so it's basically two questions
in one and I will answer both of them
and before I get started if you have a
question for me I'm doing some q and A's
on the on my solo episodes so if you
have a question for me please head over
to ppcmastery.com podcast or check out
the show notes and then there's a link
where you can submit a question
so without further Ado let's look at
Thomas his question so I'll start with
the first part is why do you prefer to
work more with Ecom accounts than Legion
accounts and the second part is what's
your favorite Ecom Target metric to
optimize towards so the first question
it's just a personal preference man when
it comes to me working for Ecom accounts
only there's a few things that worked
out just the way they did and I will I
will tell you
so before I started in working at agency
in 2018 like right before that I was
interested in Drop Shipping I was
looking for a way to make money
online and I came across some Drop
Shipping courses so I tried that but I
didn't really make it work I I tried
some things but nothing really worked
out in the end
so at some point my girlfriend just told
me hey why don't you just go work at an
agency and there was a a traineeship
there so when I started to work there I
was like or when I applied I thought to
myself okay nice I can work on an agency
get paid for a traineeship like minimum
minimum pay and I can learn what I need
to learn to build my own Ecom store my
own Ecom brand
so I was really interested in that but
when I started they gave me different
clients in different portfolios so I was
working with an e-com store I had some
Legion I had some like smaller smaller
stuff a lot of different like yeah
verticals that I was working in back
then taxis local stuff a lot of
different different brands and I was
constantly telling my colleagues my
mentor my managers that I wanted to work
more with Ecom Brands because I I just
thought that was so interesting the
whole game of e-commerce marketing
but it took a while like
I didn't have a complete econ portfolio
until like almost like one and a half to
two years and that's when I had a really
really really nice portfolio of Ecom
clients like g-star raw globally but
also other other stores that were big
some were small some were medium sized
and I learned everything around that
time about Ecom and I I really loved
doing marketing for them but as I did
marketing for them I also realized that
it's actually a really hard business
model and it definitely works and I have
a lot of respect for for econ business
owners but the thing is here with yeah
if you work in Ecom you know this
margins can be really tight advertising
costs are are increasing you you need to
constantly balance out your inventory
there's a lot of moving pieces you need
a lot of personnel to work with you
and like I said a lot of moving pieces
and and when I discovered that I figured
okay that's not what I want to do
anymore but I was already invested so
much in Ecom I really liked the whole
industry the whole type of work
basically and I love doing Google ads
for Ecom because it was so performance
driven you can focus on the the
conversion Cycles are relatively short
yeah I just like the game that's it
basically there's nothing fancy about it
I just the first reason that I had to do
Ecom that's that wasn't
the thing anymore later on but because I
was already doing Ecom so much I looked
I just loved it and then I thought yeah
I don't want to learn how Legion works I
understand how it works I understand it
perfectly well but if I
want to work with Legion clients now on
the same level that I can help Ecom
clients and I really need to invest in
my skill set in my in my in my yeah my
skills basically so as you see here at
BBC Mastery of course we teach
everything from Ecom all the way to
Legion but most of the Legion stuff
comes from Bob because he's really
specialized in that as well and I'm more
specialized on the Ecom side so I can go
through all of our own materials and and
find some Legion clients but I just
simply don't want to because I enjoy
working in Ecom I enjoy working with
those Brands I enjoy doing the type of
Google ads for those econ Brands so
that's basically why man I love feed
management sometimes Ecom can be a bit
more difficult but also more Technical
and I just like it I like how you can
play with your campaign structures yeah
just the whole the whole shebang that
goes goes into it so hopefully that
answers it it's not like rocket science
it's just personal preference so I know
some people that say I don't want to do
Ecom because of those reasons I know
people that only want to do local
because they enjoy helping local
businesses I know people that only want
to do Legion because they are good at it
I know people that only want to do
corporates or Finance or whatever it is
whatever works for you do more of that
and then your second part of the
question is what's your favorite Ecom
Target metric to optimize towards so my
favorite econ metric to optimize towards
is the one that I decide on with my
clients that we're going to steer on so
that's a annoying annoyingly vague
answer maybe but it is the truth like I
can say yeah it's roas or media
efficiency ratio or CPA but it depends
on the goals that we set so when I look
into Google ads most of the cases now
with the clients that I have it's just
roast simple we
judge the performance evaluate the
performance inside of Google ads based
on the roas that we get in Google ads
and then of course there's a lot of
things that we look at across campaigns
attribution from third level third-party
attribution tools Etc like I use North
beam a lot
but next to that that's only one piece
of the story the one piece of the puzzle
we also most cases look at media
efficiency ratio which is basically just
all of the advertising spend combined
because I work with a few big brands
that are doing Google ads met everything
on meta Tick Tock Reddit Snapchat the
funnel becomes complicated really
quickly if you do so many yeah marketing
on so many advertising on so many
channels and then you really need to
look at the media efficiency ratio
because if you don't then Google's gonna
say we got a good row as Facebook is
going to say we've got good row us Tick
Tock is even going to say we've got good
row as and then if you combine all that
data then sooner or later you're gonna
find out that you thought you had more
Revenue against the cost you're getting
and it's actually yeah it hurt one of my
clients in the past because they didn't
didn't know yet before I started working
with them
so that's why I always look at the
overall performance I I personally I'm
old school as well like I know some
people will have really fancy dashboards
and some of my clients have really nice
lucr Studio dashboards but I personally
like most of my clients are working in
Shopify I really like logging into
Shopify every morning and then just
seeing okay how much revenue did we do
yesterday and then looking into the
spend dashboards and just getting a grip
on on the the cost that we see across
different channels which includes of
course Google ads but yeah I I like to
have that overall overview and not just
stick to the data that I see in Google
ads because I know it's over attributed
I know it's inflated and and it's really
important for us Google ad Specialists
who also
be aware for our clients about what's
going on outside of Google ads and I
know that not everything is directly
inside of our control but at least the
the least thing that we can do is help
our clients find gaps discover growth
opportunities discover maybe something
that's not going well that they should
be aware of and I can do that personally
by looking into the into the data on a
holistic overall level so hopefully that
answers it usually inside of Google ads
it's roas that's what my clients steer
on and then outside of that we have the
rows as well in for example our North
beam but then definitely definitely look
at the media efficiency ratio and
sidestep that's why I love North beam so
much because they have custom
attribution models that you can say that
you maybe want to devalue branded search
maybe you want to
devalue email marketing and then it's
divided more among the steps that came
before that so more like first touch
attribution or whatever the attribution
model is not going to go into that now
but the main thing here the main point
that I'm trying to make is those
third-party attribution tools will
really help you see what the performance
really looks like across all of the
different channels and don't forget to
look at the overall media efficiency
ratio so that's it hopefully that
answers your question Thomas Thanks for
submitting if you have another question
listener if you have another question
please go to ppcmastery.com podcast
you'll find a link where you can ask a
question and maybe in one of the future
episodes I will go and answer your
question so thank you for listening and
if you're watching on YouTube thank you
appreciate it and I'll see you in the
next episode Peace
[Music]